doc: improve/fix memcached go tutorial (#4021)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/building-operators/golang/tutorial.md

- Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster (v1.16.0+ if using `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` CRDs).
- User logged with admin permission. See [how to grant yourself cluster-admin privileges or be logged in as admin][role-based-access-control]

## Overview

> By using operators, it’s possible not only to provide all expected resources but also to manage them dynamically, programmatically, and at execution time. To illustrate this idea, imagine if someone accidentally changed a configuration or removed a resource by mistake; in this case, the operator could fix it without any human intervention. 

Reviewer: Not really sure this is the best spot for this. This paragraph seems to be explaining why you would want to use an operator instead of some static solution like helm, but shouldn't it be explaining an overview of what the tutorial is about?

Author: good spot 👍

Author: removed

We will create a sample project to let you know how it works and this sample will:

> - Create a memcached Deployment if it doesn't exist

Reviewer: It seems this is describing what the controller will do? I think it might be better to do a list of all the topics covered in the tutorial. something like
- create a new API by generating a CRD
- create a controller that will watch that CRD type and xyz (bullets you wrote here explaining reconciliation)
- install the operator to your cluster by deploying those resources
- use the operator by creating instances of your new type

Author: The idea here is to clarify what are the goals that will be achieved with the sample that is built in this tutorial.
So, the operations done by the operator is implemented in the controller. Then, consequently, I agree that it shows what the controller does since it is what the operator does.

- Access to a Kubernetes v1.11.3+ cluster (v1.16.0+ if using `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1` CRDs).
- User logged with admin permission. See [how to grant yourself cluster-admin privileges or be logged in as admin][role-based-access-control]

## Overview

We will create a sample project to let you know how it works and this sample will:

- Create a Memcached Deployment if it doesn't exist
- Ensure that the Deployment size is the same as specified by the Memcached CR spec
- Update the Memcached CR status using the status writer with the names of the memcached pods

> 

Reviewer 2: If you're adding an `Overview` section here, can you add one to Helm/Ansible tutorials so they're aligned?

Author: Done

`operator-sdk init` generates a `go.mod` file to be used with [Go modules][go_mod_wiki]. The `--repo=<path>` flag is required when creating a project outside of `$GOPATH/src`, as scaffolded files require a valid module path. Ensure you [activate module support][activate_modules] by running `export GO111MODULE=on` before using the SDK.

> ## Manager

Reviewer 2: This should remain under "Create a new project", as "Manager" doesn't fit the existing header semantics (steps in creating a project).
```suggestion
### Manager
```

mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(cfg, manager.Options{Namespace: ""})
```

> It is also possible to use the [MultiNamespacedCacheBuilder][multi-namespaced-cache-builder] to watch a specific set of namespaces:

Reviewer 2: Why remove this?

Author: Because this info is not relevant to the tutorial and in 90% of the cases then, shows only bring confusion. 
Also, in the tutorial, we already point here the user to check the kb doc https://deploy-preview-4021--operator-sdk.netlify.app/docs/building-operators/golang/tutorial/#manager for deeper details where it is described as well.

Reviewer: This is the Tutorial page, not the quickstart guide, though. I feel OK with leaving this link in here.

Author: -  Is this text helpful to users understand how the operators work?  Is this instruction used in the sample?  **No, it is not used at all here**
- Are we describing a common scenario case or an advanced one? It is NOT a common required and is a detailed feature/option that will be used ONLY in advanced cases then if we need to the doc that should be in the advanced section instead which indeed I do not think that is required at all since we keep this info by sharing the link for the kubebuilder documentation.

So, IMO it brings confusion since has none relation with the trial sample at all. However, if we have more people asking for keeping it then, I am happy to revert it.

Author: I am closing this as sorted out. Please, feel free to ping me if you think that it should be re-opened.

mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(cfg, manager.Options{Namespace: ""})
```

It is also possible to use the [MultiNamespacedCacheBuilder][multi-namespaced-cache-builder] to watch a specific set of namespaces:
```Go
var namespaces []string // List of Namespaces
// Create a new Cmd to provide shared dependencies and start components
mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(cfg, manager.Options{
   NewCache: cache.MultiNamespacedCacheBuilder(namespaces),
})
```

#### Operator scope

Read the [operator scope][operator_scope] documentation on how to run your operator as namespace-scoped vs cluster-scoped.

> ### Multi-Group APIs

Author: moved to reference since we do not use multigroup in the example and 80% of the uses probably never will use need this support/feature.

mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(cfg, manager.Options{Namespace: ""})
```

It is also possible to use the [MultiNamespacedCacheBuilder][multi-namespaced-cache-builder] to watch a specific set of namespaces:
```Go
var namespaces []string // List of Namespaces
// Create a new Cmd to provide shared dependencies and start components
mgr, err := ctrl.NewManager(cfg, manager.Options{
   NewCache: cache.MultiNamespacedCacheBuilder(namespaces),
})
```

#### Operator scope

Read the [operator scope][operator_scope] documentation on how to run your operator as namespace-scoped vs cluster-scoped.

### Multi-Group APIs

> Before creating an API and controller, consider if your operator requires multiple API [groups][api-groups]. Then to change the layout of your project to support multi-group run the command `operator-sdk edit --multigroup=true`. It will update the `PROJECT` file which should look like the following:

Reviewer: Again, this is the more in depth tutorial, I think it would be better if we left this in?

Author: the tutorial is consumed for new users usually. Note that it does not use multigroup at all since it would be a more advanced step and only required in specific cases.  So, this explanation shows very confuse for who is trying to understand what is an operator. However, see that the info still available in the note:

<img width="901" alt="Screen Shot 2020-12-11 at 01 50 59" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7708031/101851388-5dfb3280-3b53-11eb-85e4-ae1697a5d3b1.png">

This will scaffold the Memcached resource API at `api/v1alpha1/memcached_types.go` and the controller at `controllers/memcached_controller.go`.

**Note:** This guide will cover the default case of a single group API. If you would like to support Multi-Group APIs see the [Single Group to Multi-Group][multigroup-kubebuilder-doc] doc.

#### Understanding Kubernetes APIs

For an in-depth explanation of Kubernetes APIs and the group-version-kind model, check out these [kubebuilder docs][kb-doc-gkvs].

> In general, it's recommended to have one controller responsible for manage each API(CRD) created on the project in order to 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, it's recommended to have one controller responsible for manage each API created for the project to
```

> not go against the design goals set by [controller-runtime][controller-runtime].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
properly follow the design goals set by [controller-runtime][controller-runtime].
```

### Define the API

> In this example, we will define that the Memcached Kind (CRD) will have a `MemcachedSpec.Size` field which will specify the quantity of Memcached instances will be deployed, and a `MemcachedStatus.Nodes` field that will store a CR's Pod names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To begin, we will represent our API by defining the `Memcached` type, which will have a `MemcachedSpec.Size` field to set the quantity of memcached instances (CRs) to be deployed, and a `MemcachedStatus.Nodes` field to store a CR's Pod names.
```

#### Getting a better idea

Let’s think about the classic scenario where the goal is to have an application and its database running on the platform with Kubernetes. Then, one object could represent the App, and another one could represent the DB. By having one CRD to describe the App and another one for the DB, we will not be hurting concepts such as encapsulation, the single responsibility principle, and cohesion. Damaging these concepts could cause unexpected side effects, such as difficulty in extending, reuse, or maintenance, just to mention a few.

In conclusion, the App CRD will have its controller which would be responsible for things like creating Deployments that contain the App and creating Services to access it. Similarly, we would create a CRD to represent the DB, and deploy a controller that would manage DB instances. 

In general, it's recommended to have one controller responsible for manage each API(CRD) created on the project in order to 
not go against the design goals set by [controller-runtime][controller-runtime].

> 

Reviewer 2: I would _much_ prefer that these sections are removed and instead link to the kubebuilder [docs](https://book.kubebuilder.io/cronjob-tutorial/gvks.html) explaining how APIs work:

```md
#### Understanding Kubernetes APIs

For an in-depth explanation of Kubernetes APIs and the group-version-kind model, check out these [kubebuilder docs](https://book.kubebuilder.io/cronjob-tutorial/gvks.html).

Author: But, the section in KB doc does not address the common questions and do not clarify the same points.

Author: I pushed I PR o kb docs. It will not able to cover all because at this point the tutorial did not speak about. controllers yet.. But ok.

### Define the API

> In this example, we will define that the Memcached Kind (CRD) will have a size Spec which will specify the quantity of Memcached instances will be deployed. Also, we will add a nodes Status that will store the Pod names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, we will define that the Memcached Kind (CRD) will have a `spec.size` field which will specify the quantity of Memcached instances will be deployed, and a `status.nodes` field that will store a CR's Pod names.
```

> **NOTE** The Node field is just to illustrate an example of a Status field. In real cases, it would be recommended to use [Conditions][conditionals].

Reviewer 2: For consistency
```suggestion
**Note** The Node field is just to illustrate an example of a Status field. In real cases, it would be recommended to use [Conditions][conditionals].
```

This will scaffold the Memcached resource API at `api/v1alpha1/memcached_types.go` and the controller at `controllers/memcached_controller.go`.

**Note:** This guide will cover the default case of a single group API. If you would like to support Multi-Group APIs see [Support to Multi-Group APIs][multi-group-api] doc.

> ### Understanding API’s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Understanding API’s
```

The goal of this command is to create Custom Resource (CR) and Custom Resource Definition (CRD) resources for the Memcached Kind. This command is creating the API with the group `cache.example.com`, and version `v1alpha1`  which uniquely identifies the new CRD of the Memcached Kind. For more info see [Extend the Kubernetes API with CustomResourceDefinitions][[kubernetes-extend-api]]. 

Consequently, by using the Operator SDK tool, we can create our APIs and objects that will represent our solutions on these platforms. Here will adds only a single kind of resource; however, it could have as many Kinds as needed (1…N). Basically, the CRDs are a definition of our customized Objects, and the CRs are an instance of it.

> ### Getting a better idea

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Getting a better idea
```

Let’s think about the classic scenario where the goal is to have an application and its database running on the platform with Kubernetes. Then, one object could represent the App, and another one could represent the DB. By having one CRD to describe the App and another one for the DB, we will not be hurting concepts such as encapsulation, the single responsibility principle, and cohesion. Damaging these concepts could cause unexpected side effects, such as difficulty in extending, reuse, or maintenance, just to mention a few.

In conclusion, the App CRD will have as its controller the DB CRD. Imagine, that a Deployment and Service are required for the application run so that the App’s Controller will provide these resources in this example. Similarly, the DB’s controller will have the business logic implementation of its objects.

In this way, for each CRD, one controller should be produced according to the design set by the controller-runtime.

> ## Define the API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Define the API
```

This will scaffold the Memcached resource API at `api/v1alpha1/memcached_types.go` and the controller at `controllers/memcached_controller.go`.

**Note:** This guide will cover the default case of a single group API. If you would like to support Multi-Group APIs see the [Single Group to Multi-Group][multigroup-kubebuilder-doc] doc.

> #### Understanding API’s

Reviewer: Shouldn't be an apostrophe here as it's not abbreviating anything

Author: done

> The goal of this command is to create Custom Resource (CR) and Custom Resource Definition (CRD) resources for the Memcached Kind. This command is creating the API with the group `cache.example.com`, and version `v1alpha1`  which uniquely identifies the new CRD of the Memcached Kind. For more info see [Extend the Kubernetes API with CustomResourceDefinitions][[kubernetes-extend-api]]. 

Reviewer: Is there a reason 'Kind' is capitalized here? It's not a kube term of art I'm unfamiliar with, is it? maybe "Memcached type"? also the link markdown is broken

Author: Kind is the k8s nomenclature, see: 

```
apiVersion: cache.example.com/v1alpha1
kind: Memcached
```

To create the API for the Kind (which is a type as you could check) we run the following  command; 

create api --group --version --kind

I hope that clarifies.

Reviewer: got it. link is still broken tho :+1:

Consequently, by using the Operator SDK tool, we can create our APIs and objects that will represent our solutions on these platforms. Here will adds only a single kind of resource; however, it could have as many Kinds as needed (1…N). Basically, the CRDs are a definition of our customized Objects, and the CRs are an instance of it.

#### Getting a better idea

Let’s think about the classic scenario where the goal is to have an application and its database running on the platform with Kubernetes. Then, one object could represent the App, and another one could represent the DB. By having one CRD to describe the App and another one for the DB, we will not be hurting concepts such as encapsulation, the single responsibility principle, and cohesion. Damaging these concepts could cause unexpected side effects, such as difficulty in extending, reuse, or maintenance, just to mention a few.

> In conclusion, the App CRD will have as its controller the DB CRD. Imagine, that a Deployment and Service are required for the application run so that the App’s Controller will provide these resources in this example. Similarly, the DB’s controller will have the business logic implementation of its objects.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what this paragraph is trying to say. The App CRD controller definitely isn't the DB CRD, as that's just another entry in the CRD table.

Author: >  The App CRD controller definitely isn't the DB CRD, as that's just another entry in the CRD table.

Sorry, I am not sure if I could understand your comment. However, this paragraph explains how the API works and adds an example where we would be creating 2 APIs. 1 that represents the App and another that represents the DB. So, if it still not clear could you please describe what is confusing you?

Reviewer: "In conclusion, the App CRD will have as its controller the DB CRD" doesn't make any sense, as the App CRD controller would be some program you deploy to watch etcd, not the DB CRD. And the rest of the paragraph trails off from there. I think you're trying to say something like "For example, we would create a CRD to represent the App, and deploy a controller to watch and reconcile changes in that CRD. This controller would be responsible for things like creating Deployments that contain the App and creating Services to access it. Similarly, we would create a CRD to represent the DB, and deploy a controller that would manage DB instances."

Author: addressed your suggestion

> In this way, for each CRD, one controller should be produced according to the design set by the controller-runtime.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how this design is set by controller-runtime? you can make a controller that operators on multiple resource types

Author: Hi @jberkhahn,

We can create a controller that will work with multiple resource types. However, the scenario, for example, https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/issues/1383  goes against its design. Each type of resource(CR/CRD) created on the operator should have its own controller.

Reviewer: Ok, that's good design practice, but this sentence still doesn't make any sense. It would be something like "In general, it's best practice to have one controller responsible for one CRD, as more complicated relationships can easily cause the reconciliation cycles to stall or hang."

Author: updated the text based on your suggestion 👍

### Define the API

> In this example, we will define that the Memcached Kind (CRD) will have the attribute size which will specify the quantity of Memcached instances will be deployed. Also, we will create an attribute to its Status which will store the Pod Names. 

Reviewer: again the use of Kind. Why not just say "we will change the Memcached CRD to have a size Spec that will specify the number of Memcached instances to be deployed. Also, we will add a nodes Status that will store the Pod names"

Author: Updated based on your feedback

> **NOTE** The status field here is just to illustrate the idea but for it would be recommended use [Conditionals][conditionals] instead of that.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be "The Node field is just to illustrate an example of a Status field. In real cases, it would be recommended to use [Conditions][conditionals] to implement listing the individual pods of a deployment.

Author: Updated based on your feedback

make generate
```

> **Note**: The above makefile target will invoke the [controller-gen][controller_tools] utility to update the `api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go` file to ensure our API's Go type definitons implement the `runtime.Object` interface that all Kind types must implement.

Reviewer 2: This isn't really a note, since its is necessary to read in the flow of this document
```suggestion
The above makefile target will invoke the [controller-gen][controller_tools] utility to update the `api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go` file to ensure our API's Go type definitons implement the `runtime.Object` interface that all Kind types must implement.
```

$ make generate
```

**Note**: The above makefile target will invoke the [controller-gen][controller_tools] utility to update the `api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go` file to ensure our API's Go type definitons implement the `runtime.Object` interface that all Kind types must implement.

> ## Generating CRD manifests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Generating CRD manifests
```

$ make generate
```

The above makefile target will invoke the [controller-gen][controller_tools] utility to update the `api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go` file to ensure our API's Go type definitons implement the `runtime.Object` interface that all Kind types must implement.
**Note**: The above makefile target will invoke the [controller-gen][controller_tools] utility to update the `api/v1alpha1/zz_generated.deepcopy.go` file to ensure our API's Go type definitons implement the `runtime.Object` interface that all Kind types must implement.

### Generating CRD manifests
## Generating CRD manifests

Once the API is defined with spec/status fields and CRD validation markers, the CRD manifests can be generated and updated with the following command:

```console
$ make manifests
```

This makefile target will invoke controller-gen to generate the CRD manifests at `config/crd/bases/cache.example.com_memcacheds.yaml`.

> #### OpenAPI validation

Author: moved to reference sine we do not use OpenApi validation in this example.

Reviewer 2: Is this section being referenced elsewhere then? OpenAPI validation is really important to discuss.

Markers (annotations) are available to configure validations for your API. These markers will always have a `+kubebuilder:validation` prefix.

Usage of markers in API code is discussed in the kubebuilder [CRD generation][generating-crd] and [marker][markers] documentation. A full list of OpenAPIv3 validation markers can be found [here][crd-markers].
This makefile target will invoke [controller-gen][controller_tools] to generate the CRD manifests at `config/crd/bases/cache.example.com_memcacheds.yaml`.

To learn more about OpenAPI v3.0 validation schemas in CRDs, refer to the [Kubernetes Documentation][doc-validation-schema].
**Note** If you would like to define validations for the CRD's fields see the [OpenAPI valiation][openapi-validation] doc.

### Implement the Controller
## Implement the Controller

For this example replace the generated controller file `controllers/memcached_controller.go` with the example [`memcached_controller.go`][memcached_controller] implementation.

> The example controller executes the following reconciliation logic for each Memcached CR:

Author: moved to overview to clarifies the end goal of the tutorial.

$ make manifests
```

This makefile target will invoke [controller-gen][controller_tools] to generate the CRD manifests at `config/crd/bases/cache.example.com_memcacheds.yaml`.

> **Note** If you would like to define validations for the CRD's fields see the [OpenAPI valiation][openapi-validation] doc.

Reviewer 2: CRD validation is already "defined" by running `controller-gen`, so this should just be a note about reading further
```suggestion
**Note** If you would like to read further into CRD validation, see the [OpenAPI valiation][openapi-validation] doc.
```

- Filter watch events using [predicates][event_filtering]
- Choose the type of [EventHandler][event_handler_godocs] to change how a watch event will translate to reconcile requests for the reconcile loop. For operator relationships that are more complex than primary and secondary resources, the [`EnqueueRequestsFromMapFunc`][enqueue_requests_from_map_func] handler can be used to transform a watch event into an arbitrary set of reconcile requests.

### Reconcile loop

> The reconcile function is responsible for synchronizing the desired state as represented by their Specs and the actual state of the system. In this way, it works like a loop, and it does not stop until all conditionals match its implementation. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reconcile function is responsible for enforcing the desired CR state on the actual state of the system. It runs each time an event occurs on a watched CR or resource, and will return some value depending on whether those states match or not.
```

> The following are a few possible return options to restart the Reconcile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following are a few possible return options for a Reconciler:
```

> The following are a few possible return options to restart the Reconcile:

Reviewer 2: It would be better to move the return values of `Reconcile()` below the description of `Reconcile()`, as it was before your changes.

Author: I did not get this one. I understand that it is as you suggested since we have: 

### Reconcile loop

The reconcile function is responsible for enforcing the desired CR state on the actual state of the system. It runs each time an event occurs on a watched CR or resource, and will return some value depending on whether those states match or not.

The following are a few possible return options for a Reconciler:

... examples....

If not, could you please help me understand your suggestion?

> - With the error:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{}, err
> ```
> 
> - Without an error:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
> ```
> 
> - Therefore, to stop the Reconcile, use:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{}, nil
> ```
> 
> - Reconcile again after X time:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{RequeueAfter: nextRun.Sub(r.Now())}, nil
> ```

Reviewer 2: Proper list formatting
````suggestion
- With the error:
  ```go
  return ctrl.Result{}, err
  ```
- Without an error:
  ```go
  return ctrl.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
  ```
- Therefore, to stop the Reconcile, use:
  ```go
  return ctrl.Result{}, nil
  ```
- Reconcile again after X time:
  ```go
   return ctrl.Result{RequeueAfter: nextRun.Sub(r.Now())}, nil
   ```
````

> **Note:** For more details, check the Reconcile and its [Reconcile godoc][reconcile-godoc].

Reviewer 2: Notes should be reserved for caveats or specific "something you should know" information
```suggestion
For more details, check the Reconcile and its [Reconcile godoc][reconcile-godoc].
```

```go
reconcile App {
 
   // Check if a Deployment for the app exists, if not create one
   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   } 
    
   // Check if a Service for the app exists, if not create one 
   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   }  
 
   // Looking for Database CR/CRD 
   // Check the Database Deployments Replicas size
   // If deployment.replicas size != cr.size, then update it
   // Then, go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
   }  
   ...
    
   // If it is at the end of the loop, then:
   // All was done successfully and the reconcile can stop  
   return reconcile.Result{}, nil
 
}
```

The following are a few possible return options to restart the Reconcile:

- With the error:
```go
return ctrl.Result{}, err
```

- Without an error:
```go
return ctrl.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
```

- Therefore, to stop the Reconcile, use:
```go
return ctrl.Result{}, nil
```

> #### Reconcile loop

Author: it is above with a better explanation.

- Filter watch events using [predicates][event_filtering]
- Choose the type of [EventHandler][event_handler_godocs] to change how a watch event will translate to reconcile requests for the reconcile loop. For operator relationships that are more complex than primary and secondary resources, the [`EnqueueRequestsFromMapFunc`][enqueue_requests_from_map_func] handler can be used to transform a watch event into an arbitrary set of reconcile requests.

### Reconcile loop

The reconcile function is responsible for synchronizing the desired state as represented by their Specs and the actual state of the system. In this way, it works like a loop, and it does not stop until all conditionals match its implementation. The following is pseudo-code with an example that clarifies it.

```go

> reconcile App {

Reviewer 2: This should be valid Go code.

Author: The goal here is to demonstrate how it works. That it is a loop. a valid go code will not pass the idea easily. So, I think is better to remove that.

 
   // Check if a Deployment for the app exists, if not create one
   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   } 
    
   // Check if a Service for the app exists, if not create one 
   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   }  
 
   // Looking for Database CR/CRD 
   // Check the Database Deployments Replicas size
   // If deployment.replicas size != cr.size, then update it
   // Then, go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
   }  
   ...
    
   // If it is at the end of the loop, then:
   // All was done successfully and the reconcile can stop  
   return reconcile.Result{}, nil
 
}
```

The following are a few possible return options to restart the Reconcile:

> - With the error:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{}, err
> ```
> 
> - Without an error:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
> ```
> 
> - Therefore, to stop the Reconcile, use:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{}, nil
> ```
> 
> - Reconcile again after X time:
> ```go
> return ctrl.Result{RequeueAfter: nextRun.Sub(r.Now())}, nil
> ```

Reviewer 2: Already discussed above in the Reconcile loop, so this is redundant 
```suggestion
```

Author: we did not describe the result options. See the lines 236 to 235. We need to keep it or these lines. what do you prefer?

- Filter watch events using [predicates][event_filtering]
- Choose the type of [EventHandler][event_handler_godocs] to change how a watch event will translate to reconcile requests for the reconcile loop. For operator relationships that are more complex than primary and secondary resources, the [`EnqueueRequestsFromMapFunc`][enqueue_requests_from_map_func] handler can be used to transform a watch event into an arbitrary set of reconcile requests.

### Reconcile loop

> The reconcile function is responsible for synchronizing the resources and their specifications according to the business logic implemented on them. In this way, it works like a loop, and it does not stop until all conditionals match its implementation. The following is pseudo-code with an example that clarifies it.

Reviewer: would link this concept to Kube resources' spec and status. Something like "responsible for synchronizing the desired state as represented by their Specs and the actual state of the system."

Author: updated based on your feedback.

   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   } 
    
   // Check if a Service for the app exists, if not create one 
   // If has an error, then go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{}, err 
   }  
 
   // Looking for Database CR/CRD 
   // Check the Database Deployments Replicas size
   // If deployment.replicas size != cr.size, then update it
   // Then, go to the beginning of the reconcile
   if err != nil {
       return reconcile.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
   }  
   ...
    
   // If it is at the end of the loop, then:
   // All was done successfully and the reconcile can stop  
   return reconcile.Result{}, nil
 
}
```

The following are a few possible return options to restart the Reconcile:

- With the error:
```go
return ctrl.Result{}, err
```

- Without an error:
```go
return ctrl.Result{Requeue: true}, nil
```

- Therefore, to stop the Reconcile, use:
```go
return ctrl.Result{}, nil
```

- Reconcile again after X time:
```go
return ctrl.Result{RequeueAfter: nextRun.Sub(r.Now())}, nil
```

> **Note:** For more details, check the Reconcile and its [Reconcile godoc][reconcile-godoc].

Reviewer: shouldn't this be something like, "For more details check the [controller-runtime docs][reconcile-godoc] on the Reconcile method.

Author: Done.

- As a Deployment inside a Kubernetes cluster
- Managed by the [Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)][doc-olm] in [bundle][quickstart-bundle] format

> The following steps will show how to deploy the operator on the Cluster. However, to run locally for development purposes and outside of a Cluster use the target `make install run`.

Reviewer 2: Keep the `Run locally outside the cluster` please. It warrants its own section, however small.

Execute the following command, which install your CRDs and run the manager locally:
The following steps will show how to deploy the operator on the Cluster. However, to run locally for development purposes and outside of a Cluster use the target `make install run`.

```sh
make install run ENABLE_WEBHOOKS=false
```

> ### 2. Run as a Deployment inside the cluster

Reviewer 2: Are you removing these numbered steps so the tutorial only describes one method of deployment?

Author: IMO was easier to understand without the number list. However, based on your previuous comment. and this one I reverted it.

}
```

For a guide on Reconcilers, Clients, and interacting with resource Events, see the [Client API doc][doc_client_api].

> ## Specify permissions and generate RBAC manifests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Specify permissions and generate RBAC manifests
```

$ make manifests
```

> ## Configuring your test environment

Author: it should be removed soon. However, until we are able to remove it, in this pr we are just fixing the step.

## Build and run the operator

> Once this is done, there are two ways to run the operator:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to run the operator:
```

- As Go program outside a cluster
- As a Deployment inside a Kubernetes cluster

> The following steps will show how to deploy the operator on the Cluster. However, to run locally for development purposes and outside of a Cluster use the target `make run`.

Reviewer 2: You also need to install CRDs into the cluster
```suggestion
The following steps will show how to deploy the operator on the Cluster. However, to run locally for development purposes and outside of a Cluster use the target `make install run`.
```

$ make deploy IMG=quay.io/$USERNAME/memcached-operator:v0.0.1
```

*NOTE* If you have enabled webhooks in your deployments, you will need to have cert-manager already installed

> in the cluster or `make deploy` will fail when creating the cert-manager resources.

Author: this note is confusing. the tutorial do not use webhooks at all.

memcached-operator-controller-manager   1/1     1            1           8m
```

### 3. Deploy your Operator with the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)

OLM will manage creation of most if not all resources required to run your operator, using a bit of setup from other `operator-sdk` commands. Check out the [docs][cli-run-olm] for more information.

> 

Author: we cannot add this step here since we did not describe the steps to integrate the project with OLM in the tutorial. However, instead of that, we add as the next step a suggestion to check how to integrate the project with it.

Reviewer 2: That's why the OLM integration docs are linked. Please revert this change.

## Further steps

> The following guides build off the operator created in this example, adding advanced features:

Reviewer 2: I like this bullet formatting better. It could also be numbered, i.e.
```md
Next, try adding the following to your project:
1. Validating and mutating [admission webhooks][create_a_webhook].
2. Operator packaging and distribution with [OLM][olm-integration].

Also see the [advanced topics][advanced_topics] doc for more use cases and a peak under-the-hood of operator-sdk.
```

## Further steps

> Now, check how to integrate your project with [OLM][olm-integration] to know how to distribute your project and, for example, publish your projects in the https://operatorhub.io/. 

Reviewer 2: The OLM integration should be listed as a first-class deployment option, not an afterthought.

Author: Are you saying that we should suggest the user check ho to integrate the OLM before teach ho to make deploy the project running? IMO first I need to check the project running with `make deploy` then we can teach how to integrate it with OLM.
